This repository is used to collectively gather and produce ROBLOX enhancement proposals (REPs). Proposals are first created on [the repository's wiki](https://github.com/RobloxLabs/roblox-enhancement-proposals/wiki) (which anyone can edit). Then, they can be discussed on [the issue tracker](https://github.com/RobloxLabs/roblox-enhancement-proposals/issues). Once they are fully ready, they can be moved to the repository's code area, where they will constitute full documents that contain proposals to improve ROBLOX and the rationale between those proposals. The repository's code area can also be used to host files having to do with the proposals (such as sketches, drawings, schemas, etc.).

If you have a proposal to improve ROBLOX, you can start an issue in the issue tracker to discuss it. Once your idea is clear enough, create a page on the wiki describing your idea. Other members may discuss the proposal on the issue tracker. It will be refined on the wiki, and once ready, it may be moved into the repository's code area. Proposals are considered ready when all participants agree that there is nothing to add, modify or improve in them.

The main idea with this repository is that proposals are worked on collaboratively. Inactive proposals that stagnate in the wiki may be removed after a discussion on the issue tracker. Proposals in the repository that get implemented in their entirety will be moved to a separate branch, while proposals that get implemented partially will be moved back to the wiki to adapt the proposal to the current situation (since a part of it was already applied). Proposals can be modified after being moved in the repository; this is done by discussing on the issue tracker and using pull requests.

**Completed proposals:**
* [Proposal concerning the storage services currently being tested](https://github.com/RobloxLabs/roblox-enhancement-proposals/blob/master/Proposals/Proposal%20concerning%20the%20storage%20services%20currently%20being%20tested.md)

**Proposals in development:** [see the wiki's home page](https://github.com/RobloxLabs/roblox-enhancement-proposals/wiki)
